Add noop mode for unsupported systems (#212)
appsignal/appsignal-python: .changesets/add-noop-mode-for-unsupported-systems.md

---
bump: "patch"
type: "add"
---

> Unsupported systems as Windows won't start the agent and other integration components to prevent them from failing and allowing apps to be run normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsupported systems, like Microsoft Windows, won't start the agent and other integration components to prevent them from failing and allowing apps to be run normally.
```
